* 10/29/18; 10:26:03 AM by DW   * server provides url of RSS feed, for display in the UI   * new items      * format of the home page is awful         * looks like something broke in CSS         * might want to include more than 5 items, if that's what's really going on      * UI for switching servers and/or repositories in English editor      * add elements to blogData?         * commit message      * a Like function   * items carried forward      * "english" shouldn't be the name of the server      * test insert html command in english editor      * look at includes in the editors      * handle posts in JSON in addition to YAML   * done      * write docs for config.json for GHP         * <a href="https://github.com/scripting/githubpub/blob/master/docs/setup.md">Here it is</a>. The setup is not easy because you have to go back and forth once, using data from a later step in a previous step. I will grind over this again, but it's going to require some concentration, even for a techie, to get it right.       * add english editor to editors folder on ghp repo      * calls to getBlogData         * we did some factoring, but some places aren't using it      * send the accesstoken along with every call so the user can be ratelimited by GH, not GHP or the client.         * in githubpub.js            * various routines now have an additional <i>options</i> param that contains accessToken               * getFromGitHub, getContentFromGitHub, getUserObject, getTemplate, getBlogData, renderThroughTemplate               * Room for other such options in the future* 10/28/18; 1:36:42 PM by DW   * What is this doc? It's just my notes as I work. Not intended to be understandable by anyone else.    * I spent a few hours trying to get GitHub to display outlines in a prettier way than just straight indented text using markdown with HTML markup. I wanted permalinks and a little formatting. But I stumbled on a neater way to do it, save the indented outline as .txt. Then GH preserves the indentation. The most readable format of all.   * Decided to do it <a href="https://github.com/scripting/Scripting-News/issues/100">right</a>. * 10/27/18; 10:32:32 AM by DW   * add this notes file to the GHP repo   * write docs for config.json for GHP   * send the accesstoken along with every call so the user can be ratelimited by GH, not GHP or the client.   * done      * create a separate app on github for the minimal editor         * this also has to be configured on GHP server, it has to know the URL of the editor, so it can redirect properly based on which editor is involved.       * review interface out of githubpubApp, some routines aren't needed.         * some need to be added            * repoget and reposave               * read and write from locations defined by username/repository/path               * low-level routines, not part of blogging* 10/26/18; 9:55:44 AM by DW   * wire up View Template command in main menu in englishhome   * big idea --      * use GHP to document XML-RPC   * test insert html command in english editor   * "english" shouldn't be the name of the server   * look at includes in the editors   * add english editor to editors folder on ghp repo   * handle posts in JSON in addition to YAML   * done      * fill out settings         * blog title         * description         * lastPostTitle         * language      * need a way for user app to set blogData elements      * internal consts and app consts         * right now they're mixed in together      * urlHtml was a bad name -- replace with urlPublic      * englishHome delete major pieces of commented code         * the result of the factoring.       * test log off, log on         * both apps -- minimal and english      * change github config to point to new location of english editor         * &nbsp;* 10/25/18; 10:25:29 AM by DW   * next up -- pull out all the unused code from english editor      * saved something fun! :-)   * refactor the medium editor and include it      * good works   * look at includes in the editors   * test log off, log on   * "english" shouldn't be the name of the server   * urlHtml was a bad name -- replace with urlPublic   * ghp cache elements expire after a certain period      * let's say 3 minutes by default* 10/24/18; 9:59:08 AM by DW   * Next up      * internal consts and app consts         * right now they're mixed in together      * save user prefs         * the code is in there, it might work but hasnt been tested   * Working on the api glue and Hello World for GHP      * review code, esp includes      * new post button      * file list      * icons linking to github and html rendering* 10/21/18; 11:14:22 AM by DW   * handle posts in JSON in addition to YAML   * second editor      * use same editor as GH uses   * document config      * add new elements to it?      * add elements in config to pagetable?* 10/20/18; 12:00:59 PM by DW   * changed icons on home page so the href attribute is set, so when you hover over the    * documented templates   * new command to view the template* 10/16/18; 10:08:24 AM by DW   * Back to work. This stuff is done..      * send committer params along with calls to buildrss      * Render blog home page* 10/12/18; 10:15:53 AM by DW   * send committer params along with calls to buildrss   * Render blog home page   * Insert HTML command in menu   * Move icons into menu   * Find good place for SAVED   * Docs      * Template       * setting up a server      * API   * urlEditorApp in config -- is this actually being used or is the one on github overriding it?   * server stuff      * empty out config in englishServer      * move most of the items into config in githubpub      * move some of them into config.json      * getting this error sometimes         * saveToGitHub: response == {            * "statusCode": 409,            * "body": "{\"message\":\"is at c9e17f82b72165f8f2ae57c6587e3eb0ad2fb934 but expected 113749995a25d6f45b77894c64d7008023234c91\",\"documentation_url\":\"https://developer.github.com/v3/repos/contents/#update-a-file\"}",   * &nbsp;   * &nbsp;* 10/8/18; 2:03:14 PM by DW   * Next up --       * document the api for english server with sample code      * settings linked into the system menu      * clean up command keys in main menu         * they overwrite the command names         * this is a style sheets item* 10/5/18; 10:47:57 AM by DW   * we still have "blog/" in the setup for englishHome      * the factoring job started there is not done         * I understand why. When we punted on changing the way EH works to use domains instead of username/repo/path, it made it impossible to hide the relative path of the things it's editing. That was never configured on the server. domain.path is irrelevant, as it's currently implemented.         * &nbsp;         * interfaces that take domain in place of username/repo/path         * &nbsp;         * /get         * /save         * /getpost         * /savepost   * templates should be merged with githubpup repository      * right now they're only being saved to the english blog   * merge githubpub with english server      * mostly done      * I still want to make GHP work without english server         * It has to             * read config.json            * init davehttp            * replace it on rockaway* 10/4/18; 10:50:14 AM by DW   * paste-with-style into medium-editor      * okay we have the code in testPasteHTML () in englishHome.       * however we strip the html before saving      * so we need to address that somehow      * probably shouldn't be doing it* 10/2/18; 10:27:52 AM by DW   * RSS feed next up      * Then home page       * Day archive pages   * Think about comments      * I have an idea for this      * You have to have your own repo for it to work   * Okay good work session, next up...      * Use the same CSS file for both the editor and the rendering      * That pretty much guarantees WYSIWYG. ;-)   * big idea -- convert englishserver to use xml-rpc interface      * or add an xml-rpc interface and use it fron englishhome   * here's how the REST calls for GitHub server work now      * get/save -- work with absolute paths      * getblogdata/saveblogdata -- use the path* 10/1/18; 10:56:40 AM by DW   * nodeEditorSuite.gitHub.upload has a problem      * we call the save function on english server      * we changed what it returns. ooops, this code depends on the original functionality.      * I didn't see that coming ;-)   * UI work continues      * On a new post the Description placeholder is empty      * What about auto-save         * Clearly if present should be a preference         * Default on?      * CSS needs updating. H4 is wrong font/shape.      * The H2 and H4 items in the popup are broken.         * Probably has to do with the version of medium-editor we're using      * Change the look of the editor to be more like the pages         * I don't like the huge text.       * Done         * get rid of the file list on the left         * steal the look from myword.io         * add description element for the sub-text   * Upheaval --      * the paths we use should have the "blog/" prefix removed.         * there's no need for the editor to have this, because it's not part of the url         * it should be hidden by the server, it's part of the configuration, it should be easily changed.      * notes         * appConsts.blogDataPath and appConsts.blogPostsPath should change to             * posts/ and data.json            * the blog/ part should be added by the server            * &nbsp;   * Allow customization through the repository      * store code there??* 9/30/18; 11:52:28 AM by DW   * Let's work on UI      * Leave the server alone for a while. Whew. Too much rock and roll.      * Try getting the file list into a dialog, let's see what it looks like with more horizonal room.   * Cleanup      * Move englishblog1.scripting.com to point to rockaway.scripting.com. Tell pagepark to route it to english server (port 1402).* 9/29/18; 9:39:58 AM by DW   * More factoring      * move github api urls to config struct      * deYamlize can be factored      * extracting the content can also be factored* 9/28/18; 2:38:20 PM by DW   * More factoring      * There are two routines to get the contents of a file from GitHub, one in githubpub and the other in englishserver         * use the one in githubpub         * small difference in how it's called   * Things to look at next after integration of english server and githubpub      * there are two caches, only need one      * there seems to be an error handling webhook notifications from github         * handleRequest: tryError.message == Unexpected token u in JSON at position 0* 9/24/18; 3:45:22 PM by DW   * todo      * eye icon takes you to the rendering         * the englishHome server has to know the URL of the site its saving to?         * or the githubpub functionality has to be integrated into englishHome?         * thinking needed...      * good fallback when there is no template in the repository.      * provisioning new site         * favicon.ico         * template            * temlate.txt            * code.js            * styles.css* 9/23/18; 11:32:35 AM by DW   * githubpub      * get template from the repo      * deploy on server      * cache + webook support* 9/21/18; 10:38:47 AM by DW   * next up      * finish the title editor      * store posts in markdown, with atts encoded         * do it at the lowest level in the editor, so we can still use the json structure internally      * server app      * staging new posts, should be quicker      * error reporting, esp rate limit erros* 9/18/18; 10:59:25 AM by DW   * next up --      * show titles in the tree, not text      * open the file in the editor if you click on it in the tree   * when create new post or at login, activate the text editor   * new instance of githubpub locally       * renders the blog repo in html   * store the posts in json      * the text is just one of the elements      * still keep a top-level list of posts in the blogdata struct   * merge appPrefs and blogdata* 9/17/18; 12:46:06 PM by DW   * Next things to do --      * get githubpub running locally         * next up -- pngs aren't being served correctly      * look at how GitHub handles websites      * add metadata at the head of the file using one of the formats others are using (see SN thread).      * allow for opening existing posts      * autosave      * eye icon implemented